Carpenter, let me tell you
Carpenter's Tianmu Group
I've made a lot of dirty money over the years
It's time for us to help him bleed
Hey, Mommy, I like you the most.
One of the reddest
This little cutie, hurry up and go to bed.
Close the door.
What is Ning Nuannuan thinking about?
you
It can't be Si Chun, can it?
That can't be done.
How is Ning Nuannuan's information checked?
I found it, but only the most basic information is available.
His past experiences are hidden
Can't find anything at all
Can't the people we raise hack the system?
This you say
I have summoned the top technology of the group
Not only did you not hack our system
It was also hit by a wave of anti-black on the opposite side.
Lost tens of millions of pieces of code
Interesting
It seems that I have to meet this Ning Nuannuan even more
According to sources
Ning Nuannuan confirmed the current situation today